Pass exam: https://www.toptal.com/aws-cloud-engineers/aws-certified-solutions-architect-exam-tips


What is differance between AWS Regions and Availability zones
    AWS Regions are large and widely dispersed into separate geographic locations.
    Availability Zones are distinct locations within an AWS Region that are engineered
    to be isolated from failures in other Availability Zones.

What is jump box in aws
    Bastion hosts (also called “jump servers”) are often used as a best practice for accessing privately
    accessible hosts within a system environment. To access it for product updates or managing system patches,
    you typically log in to a bastion host and then access (or “jump to”) the application host from there

Object storage
    Object storage takes each piece of data and designates it as an object. Data is kept in separate storehouses
    versus files in folders and is bundled with associated metadata and a unique identifier to form a storage pool.

File Storage
    File storage stores data as a single piece of information in a folder to help organize it among other data.
    This is also called hierarchical storage, imitating the way that paper files are stored.
    When you need access to data, your computer system needs to know the path to find it.

VPC
    Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) is a service that lets you launch AWS resources in a logically isolated
    virtual network that you define. You can use both IPv4 and IPv6 for most resources in your virtual private cloud,
    helping to ensure secure and easy access to resources and applications.

IAM
    Anything we do in IAM is global not region based one.


What is elastic ipaddress
    An Elastic IP address is a reserved public IP address that you can assign to any EC2 instance in a particular region,
    until you choose to release it. To allocate an Elastic IP address to your account in a particular region.

What is jumpbox
    Bastion hosts (also called “jump servers”) are often used as a best practice for accessing privately
    accessible hosts within a system environment.To access it for product updates or managing system patches,
    you typically log in to a bastion host and then access (or “jump to”) the application host from there.
